projects/studio-desktop/README.md, before:

# Decode Studio Desktop

The desktop studio application. Built with Electron to allow for code sharing across web and desktop.

## Development

To develop the desktop application first make sure that you have a development instance of `studio-signal-server` running. See that project’s `README` for information on how to start that. Next run:

```bash
./scripts/dev
```

This will open an Electron window with a Webpack development server running in the background. Whenever you edit your code then Webpack should automatically reload the page for you.

### React Devtools

After you run the project for the first time with `./scripts/dev` you will need to make sure that you force reload the app after a few seconds as the React Devtools are installed in the background after your first run.

## Architecture

Because we are using Electron there are two environments that we write code for.

- **`./src/main`:** The Electron main process. This is simple to build. We just use `tsc` to directly compile all of the files.
- **`./src/renderer`:** The Electron renderer process. We use Webpack to bundle all of our files for the renderer process. All of our external `node_modules`, however, are not bundled using Webpack and required falling back to Node.js.

Commit message:

add INITIAL_ROOM environment option

projects/studio-desktop/README.md, after:

# Decode Studio Desktop

The desktop studio application. Built with Electron to allow for code sharing across web and desktop.

## Development

To develop the desktop application first make sure that you have a development instance of `studio-signal-server` running. See that project’s `README` for information on how to start that. Next run:

```bash
./scripts/dev
```

This will open an Electron window with a Webpack development server running in the background. Whenever you edit your code then Webpack should automatically reload the page for you.

If you want to open Decode Studio and immeadiately join a specific room instead of the recordings directory then set the `INITIAL_ROOM` environment variable to any string. This useful when hacking on the actual studio room, or when you want to connect your browser to a consistent room in development. Following is an example that uses `INITIAL_ROOM` with the popular development room `dev`:

```bash
INITIAL_ROOM=dev ./scripts/dev
```

### React Devtools

After you run the project for the first time with `./scripts/dev` you will need to make sure that you force reload the app after a few seconds as the React Devtools are installed in the background after your first run.

## Architecture

Because we are using Electron there are two environments that we write code for.

- **`./src/main`:** The Electron main process. This is simple to build. We just use `tsc` to directly compile all of the files.
- **`./src/renderer`:** The Electron renderer process. We use Webpack to bundle all of our files for the renderer process. All of our external `node_modules`, however, are not bundled using Webpack and required falling back to Node.js.
